# Essential Computer Science Questions

> How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?

User needs can be be gathered in many ways, including face-to-face meetings with stakeholders and other important end-users, polls, surveys, forums, and general observations. After feedback from customers has been gathered, the feedback can be separated into potential features. Similar feedback from multiple customers will hint towards a feature that should be implemented. After features have been identified, they can be made into user stories. A good user story will describe who the feature is aimed towards, what the feature is supposed to accomplish, and why that feature is valuable to the user. User stories will contain a list of acceptance critera that will define the requirements that are needed to make the user story complete. The acceptance criteria will guide the developers in their implementations and allow the testers to come up with complete and thorough test cases.

> How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?

The approach to developing software will depend on many factors, including the requirments of the product, the scope of the product, and the amount of personnel behind the project. It would also depend on whether or not the company is following a traditional method of development, such as a Waterfall approach, or an Agile method of development, such as Scrum. I would personally prefer an Agile method of development. Agile will allow for changing requirements throughout the project, and it is great for projects that do not have a defined set of requirments to begin with. I believe that Agile development will allow for faster working products that quickly show value to the customer. Agile is more focused on presenting maximum value to the customer, whereas the Waterfall process is just focused on accomplishing the project. With today's fierce competition in the software market, having the most up-to-date, cutting-edge features will give companies an advantage, and an Agile process will allow this to happen.

I would like to incorporate many Agile processes into my future development work. Customer collaboration is an important Agile process that I would like to incorporate into development. I want to provide that maximum value to my customers; therfore, it is important to collaborate closely with the customer to gain an understanding of the features that would be most valuable to them. I would also like the teams that I am a part of to practice collective ownership of the product that we are developing. I would want our team to hold each other responsible for producing high-quality work at all times. I would want the teams that I work with to openly and transparently communicate with each other so that we can successfully collaborate with one another and produce the highest quality of product possible. I would want the teams that I work with to be self-organizing and cross-functional so that we can efficiently and effectively work together to produce a successful, complete product.

> What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

Good team members in software development know how to effectively collaborate and communicate with each other. They actively engage in team meetings, good team members know how to collectively share the skills they need to build the product. They can get work done without constantly depending on external resources. Good team members will respect the ideas of their colleagues, and they try to be innovative and creative. Good team members pursue technical excellence, trust each other, and know how to give feedback to one another.
